feat(remote): allow using shorthand platforms with --build-for (#5687)
snapcore/snapcraft: docs/release-notes/snapcraft-8-12.rst

.. _release-8.12:

Snapcraft 8.12 release notes
============================

.. add date here, once scheduled

Learn about the new features, changes, and fixes introduced in Snapcraft 8.12.

Requirements and compatibility
------------------------------
See :ref:`reference-system-requirements` for information on the minimum hardware and
installed software.

What's new
----------

Snapcraft 8.12 brings the following features, integrations, and improvements.

Minor features
--------------

Remote builds: ``--build-for`` and shorthand platforms
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Previously, the :ref:`remote builder <explanation-remote-build>` couldn't accept the
``--build-for`` argument when building core24 snaps with a shorthand :ref:`platforms
<reference_architectures>` definition.

> Due to upstream improvements in Launchpad, this restriction has been lifted in
> Snapcraft. Now, ``--build-for`` can be used for any core24 project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to improvements made by the Launchpad team, ``--build-for`` can now be used when
building core24 snaps remotely.
```
